
27/08/26
Journalling here because I can't be bothered turning on hotspot.
Once I finally prototyped some animations, progress has been coming along
very quickly. 
That was a surprising realisation - art can be part of the prototyping phase.
When I first started making the animations, I felt sullen. It was because 
I instinctually believed I was in the "production" phase, and the work
that I was producing was very poor. Once I was overcome by that realisation, 
I was able to put aside my insecurities and put on my prototyping hat. That is
a mindset of speed, chaos, and fun.

What to do next?
Make temp animations for the player. Maybe I can borrow that attacking sprite
sheet from that one RPG I made? 
Give the player a cooldown on their attack.

Just gonna journal before my food arrives. How large are these text files? 
Okay, what's most essential to the game right now? Parried/stun animations for 
the enemy. I think I'll do that. I don't want the waiter spying my work, 
but they probably won't give af. Like I've been spamming to myself recently: I 
am not the main character. I fear that this mantra has become self-denigrating 
and self-humiliating, although I have discussed this at length in my other
journal. I work like a man with purpose, for I am a man with purpose. I want
to make games for the rest of my life. I enjoy the process. I also want to be my
own boss (although I wouldn't mind working for another if it's in game dev). There
is my purpose. I also understand the value of time. I don't take it for granted.
I don't spite it (or the activities that steal it from me). Purpose and the value 
of time is why I work so hard. 

Let's keep discussing while I wait for my food. What else is most important?
Player animations and attack cooldown, as I have mentioned above. Let's brainstorm
that whilst I wait for my food.  


28/08/26
Who should keep track of the number of times an enemy has been parried?
Attack manager or the enemy itself? I'll try the enemy. 


29/08/26
How should I handle processing attacks? 

The player attacks. There is a set period for when the attack making
contact. 

30/08/26
NEXT: Code clean up. Start/end contact period for player attacks.

07/09/26
TODO: Add planned attacks > coordinating break attaks with basic attacks.
